refactor: jest matchers and browser test types (#118)
ethersphere/bee-js: README.md

npm run test:browser
```
The test HTML file which Puppeteer uses is the [test/testpage/testpage.html](test/testpage/testpage.html).

> In order to open this file and manually test BeeJS via developer console, it's necessary to build the test JS file that it imports with `npm run compile:browser` (also running `npm run test:browser` creates the necessary library files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open and manually test BeeJS with developer console, it is necessary to build the library first with `npm run compile:browser` (running the browser tests `npm run test:browser` also builds the library).
```
